com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/RoundCornersDrawable.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.RoundCornersDrawable
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Services/CustomService.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Services.CustomService
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Services.CustomService$1
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/VariaveisGlobais.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.VariaveisGlobais
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeEtapaCredito.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeEtapaCredito
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeEmpresa.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeEmpresa
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Services/AppService.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Services.AppService
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/PedidoDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.PedidoDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Parametros.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Parametros
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/UsuarioDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.UsuarioDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/ProdutoDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.ProdutoDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/SplashActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.SplashActivity
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.SplashActivity$1
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/CustomDialogClass.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.CustomDialogClass
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Firebase/FirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Firebase.FirebaseMessagingService
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeParametro.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeParametro
com/kylukz/agitofoods/SQLite/SQLiteGeraTabelaGerenciamento.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.SQLite.SQLiteGeraTabelaGerenciamento
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/ManipulaData.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.ManipulaData
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/EmpresaAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EmpresaAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EmpresaAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EmpresaAdapter$AsyncTaskGetEmpresa
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EmpresaAdapter$PontoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/IndicadoresIndexRecyclerView.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.IndicadoresIndexRecyclerView
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadePagamentoBandeirasCartao.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadePagamentoBandeirasCartao
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/EmpresaDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.EmpresaDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeGrupoProdutosEmpresa.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeGrupoProdutosEmpresa
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Firebase/Logg.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Firebase.Logg
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/SnapHelperOneByOne.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.SnapHelperOneByOne
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/SegmentoActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.SegmentoActivity
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeMotoboy.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeMotoboy
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/ComandaAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ComandaAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ComandaAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ComandaAdapter$PontoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Routes/Rotas.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Routes.Rotas
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Firebase/FcmTokenRegistrationService.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Firebase.FcmTokenRegistrationService
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Firebase.FcmTokenRegistrationService$1
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeLog.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeLog
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeCadastroUsuario.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeCadastroUsuario
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Ferramentas.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Ferramentas
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Ferramentas$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Ferramentas$ShadowImage
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/GruposEmpresaAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.GruposEmpresaAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.GruposEmpresaAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.GruposEmpresaAdapter$OpcoesPontoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/ProdutoGrupoPizzaAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoPizzaAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoPizzaAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoPizzaAdapter$ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/BuildConfig.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.BuildConfig
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/SegmentosAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.SegmentosAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.SegmentosAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.SegmentosAdapter$PontoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeUsuario.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeUsuario
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Valid/ValidaCPF.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Valid.ValidaCPF
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/MenusAbaLateralEsquerda.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.MenusAbaLateralEsquerda
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Json.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Json
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/RecyclerItemClickListener.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.RecyclerItemClickListener
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.RecyclerItemClickListener$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.RecyclerItemClickListener$OnItemClickListener
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Receiver.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Receiver
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeBotoesMenuPonto.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeBotoesMenuPonto
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Cart/AtributoCarrinho.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.AtributoCarrinho
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Mask.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Mask
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Mask$1
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Animation/MyBounceInterpolator.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Animation.MyBounceInterpolator
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Valid/ValidadorCadastro.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Valid.ValidadorCadastro
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Valid/ValidadorLogin.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Valid.ValidadorLogin
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/GruposEmpresaDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.GruposEmpresaDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/MapPontoActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MapPontoActivity
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MapPontoActivity$1
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeSegmento.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeSegmento
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeCarrinhoPonto.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeCarrinhoPonto
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/Connectivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.Connectivity
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoAdapter$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoAdapter$ProdutoGrupoEscolhidoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeErro.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeErro
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/ServiceW.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.ServiceW
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/MainActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$10
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$11
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$12
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$13
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$14
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$15
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$16
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$17
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$18
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$19
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$20
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$3
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$4
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$5
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$6
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$7
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$8
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$9
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$AsyncTaskEsqueciSenhaUsuario
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$AsyncTaskGetUsuario
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$AsyncTaskSetCadastrarUsuario
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MainActivity$AsyncTaskSetCompletarCadastro
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/EtapasPagamentoAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EtapasPagamentoAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EtapasPagamentoAdapter$PontoViewHolder
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EtapasPagamentoAdapter$PontoViewHolderBandeiras
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EtapasPagamentoAdapter$PontoViewHolderDadosCartao
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadePagamentoCartaoCredito.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadePagamentoCartaoCredito
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadeProdutosGrupoEscolhido.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadeProdutosGrupoEscolhido
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/EmpresaActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$1$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$10
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$11
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$11$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$11$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$12
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$13
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$3
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$4
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$4$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$4$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$5
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$6
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$7
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$8
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$9
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$AsyncTaskFinalizarPedido
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$AsyncTaskGetGruposEmpresa
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$AsyncTaskGetProdutosGrupoEscolhido
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.EmpresaActivity$AsyncTaskPagamento
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/ParametroDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.ParametroDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/FechaContaCarrinhoActivity.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.FechaContaCarrinhoActivity
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Animation/Sombreamento.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Animation.Sombreamento
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/GPSTracker.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.GPSTracker
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.GPSTracker$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.GPSTracker$2
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Firebase/FirebaseBackgroundService.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Firebase.FirebaseBackgroundService
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Cart/Carrinho.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$3
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$4
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$5
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Cart.Carrinho$6
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/HidingScrollListener.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.HidingScrollListener
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Animation/Animatoo.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Animation.Animatoo
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter$3
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.EscolhaFormasPagamentoAdapter$EscolhaOpcoesPagamentoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Toolbox/ViaCEP.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Toolbox.ViaCEP
com/kylukz/agitofoods/View/MenuPrincipalEmpresa.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$1$1
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$10
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$2
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$3
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$4
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$5
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$6
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$7
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$8
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$9
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$AsyncTaskGetEmpresa
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.View.MenuPrincipalEmpresa$AsyncTaskSetCompletarCadastro
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Adapters/BotoesMenuPontoAdapter.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.BotoesMenuPontoAdapter
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Adapters.BotoesMenuPontoAdapter$OpcoesPontoViewHolder
com/kylukz/agitofoods/JavaBeans/EntidadePagamentoEscolhaModo.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.JavaBeans.EntidadePagamentoEscolhaModo
com/kylukz/agitofoods/SQLite/GeraTabelasSQLite.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.SQLite.GeraTabelasSQLite
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/LogDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.LogDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/DAO/SegmentoDAO.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.DAO.SegmentoDAO
com/kylukz/agitofoods/Services/Receiver.java
 com.kylukz.agitofoods.Services.Receiver
